Update README.md (#461)
UBC-DSCI/introduction-to-datascience: README.md

## Data Science: A First Introduction 
This is the source for the *Data Science: A First Introduction* textbook.

> It is available online at: https://datasciencebook.ca/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The book is available online at: https://datasciencebook.ca/
```
